help/commands-docs/_ENVIRONMENT.md, before:

## ENVIRONMENT

You can set these environment variables to change CLI run settings.

- `SNYK_TOKEN`:
  Snyk authorization token. Setting this envvar will override the token that may be available in your `snyk config` settings.

  [How to get your account token](https://snyk.co/ucT6J)<br />
  [How to use Service Accounts](https://snyk.co/ucT6L)<br />

- `SNYK_API`:
  Sets API host to use for Snyk requests. Useful for on-premise instances and configuring proxies.

- `SNYK_CFG_`<KEY>:
  Allows you to override any key that's also available as `snyk config` option.

  E.g. `SNYK_CFG_ORG`=myorg will override default org option in `config` with "myorg".

- `SNYK_REGISTRY_USERNAME`:
    Specify a username to use when connecting to a container registry. Note that using the `--username` flag will
     override this value. This will be ignored in favour of local Docker binary credentials when Docker is present. 
  
- `SNYK_REGISTRY_PASSWORD`:
    Specify a password to use when connecting to a container registry. Note that using the `--password` flag will
     override this value. This will be ignored in favour of local Docker binary credentials when Docker is present.

Commit message:

feat: introduce envvar to control HTTP-HTTPS upgrade behavior

help/commands-docs/_ENVIRONMENT.md, after:

## ENVIRONMENT

You can set these environment variables to change CLI run settings.

- `SNYK_TOKEN`:
  Snyk authorization token. Setting this envvar will override the token that may be available in your `snyk config` settings.

  [How to get your account token](https://snyk.co/ucT6J)<br />
  [How to use Service Accounts](https://snyk.co/ucT6L)<br />

- `SNYK_CFG_`<KEY>:
  Allows you to override any key that's also available as `snyk config` option.

  E.g. `SNYK_CFG_ORG`=myorg will override default org option in `config` with "myorg".

- `SNYK_REGISTRY_USERNAME`:
  Specify a username to use when connecting to a container registry. Note that using the `--username` flag will
  override this value. This will be ignored in favour of local Docker binary credentials when Docker is present.

- `SNYK_REGISTRY_PASSWORD`:
  Specify a password to use when connecting to a container registry. Note that using the `--password` flag will
  override this value. This will be ignored in favour of local Docker binary credentials when Docker is present.

## Connecting to Snyk API

By default Snyk CLI will connect to `https://snyk.io/api/v1`.

- `SNYK_API`:
  Sets API host to use for Snyk requests. Useful for on-premise instances and configuring proxies. If set with `http` protocol CLI will upgrade the requests to `https`. Unless `SNYK_HTTP_PROTOCOL_UPGRADE` is set to `0`.

- `SNYK_HTTP_PROTOCOL_UPGRADE`=0:
  If set to the value of `0` the API requests aimed at `http` URLs will not be upgraded to `https`. Useful e.g., for reverse proxies.

- `HTTPS_PROXY` and `HTTP_PROXY`:
  Allows you to specify a proxy to use for `https` and `http` calls. The `https` in the `HTTPS_PROXY` means that _requests using `https` protocol_ will use this proxy. The proxy itself doesn't need to use `https`.
