help/commands-docs/container.md, before:

# snyk-container(1) -- Test container images for vulnerabilities

## SYNOPSIS

`snyk` `container` \[<COMMAND>\] \[<OPTIONS>\] \[<IMAGE>\]

## DESCRIPTION

Find vulnerabilities in your container images.

## COMMANDS

- `test`:
  Test for any known vulnerabilities.

- `monitor`:
  Record the state of dependencies and any vulnerabilities on snyk.io.

## OPTIONS

- `--exclude-base-image-vulns`:
  Exclude from display base image vulnerabilities.

- `--file`=<FILE_PATH>:
  Include the path to the image's Dockerfile for more detailed advice.

- `--platform`=<PLATFORM>:
  For multi-architecture images, specify the platform to test.
  [linux/amd64, linux/arm64, linux/riscv64, linux/ppc64le, linux/s390x, linux/386, linux/arm/v7 or linux/arm/v6]

- `--json`:
  Prints results in JSON format.

- `--json-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in JSON format directly to the specified file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--json` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the JSON format output to a file.

- `--sarif`:
  Return results in SARIF format.

- `--sarif-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in SARIF format directly to the <OUTPUT_FILE_PATH> file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--sarif` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the SARIF format output to a file.

- `--print-deps`:
  Print the dependency tree before sending it for analysis.

- `--project-name`=<PROJECT_NAME>:
  Specify a custom Snyk project name.

- `--policy-path`=<PATH_TO_POLICY_FILE>`:
  Manually pass a path to a snyk policy file.

- `--severity-threshold`=low|medium|high:
  Only report vulnerabilities of provided level or higher.

Commit message:

docs: Document username/password inputs
Explain how to configure remote container registry credentials via environment variables and/or flags

help/commands-docs/container.md, after:

# snyk-container(1) -- Test container images for vulnerabilities

## SYNOPSIS

`snyk` `container` \[<COMMAND>\] \[<OPTIONS>\] \[<IMAGE>\]

## DESCRIPTION

Find vulnerabilities in your container images.

## COMMANDS

- `test`:
  Test for any known vulnerabilities.

- `monitor`:
  Record the state of dependencies and any vulnerabilities on snyk.io.

## OPTIONS

- `--exclude-base-image-vulns`:
  Exclude from display base image vulnerabilities.

- `--file`=<FILE_PATH>:
  Include the path to the image's Dockerfile for more detailed advice.

- `--platform`=<PLATFORM>:
  For multi-architecture images, specify the platform to test.
  [linux/amd64, linux/arm64, linux/riscv64, linux/ppc64le, linux/s390x, linux/386, linux/arm/v7 or linux/arm/v6]

- `--json`:
  Prints results in JSON format.

- `--json-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in JSON format directly to the specified file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--json` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the JSON format output to a file.

- `--sarif`:
  Return results in SARIF format.

- `--sarif-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in SARIF format directly to the <OUTPUT_FILE_PATH> file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--sarif` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the SARIF format output to a file.

- `--print-deps`:
  Print the dependency tree before sending it for analysis.

- `--project-name`=<PROJECT_NAME>:
  Specify a custom Snyk project name.

- `--policy-path`=<PATH_TO_POLICY_FILE>:
  Manually pass a path to a snyk policy file.

- `--severity-threshold`=low|medium|high:
  Only report vulnerabilities of provided level or higher.
  
- `--username`=<CONTAINER_REGISTRY_USERNAME>:
  Specify a username to use when connecting to a container registry. This will be ignored in favour of local Docker binary credentials when Docker is present.
  
- `--password`=<CONTAINER_REGISTRY_PASSWORD>:
  Specify a password to use when connecting to a container registry. This will be ignored in favour of local Docker binary credentials when Docker is present.
