help/README.md, before:

# CLI Help files

Snyk CLI help files are generated from markdown sources in `help/commands-docs` folder.

There is a simple templating system that pieces markdown sources together. Those are later transformed into a [roff (man-pages) format](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roff_(software)>). Those are then saved as plaintext to be used by `--help` argument.

1. Markdown fragments
2. Markdown documents for each command
3. roff man pages
4. plain text version of man page

Since [package.json supports specifying man files](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v6/configuring-npm/package-json#man), they will get exposed under `man snyk`.

This system improves authoring, as markdown is easier to format. It's keeping the docs consistent and exposes them through `man` command.

## Updating or adding help documents

Contact **Team Hammer** or open an issue in this repository when in doubt.

Keep all changes in `help/commands-docs` folder, as other folders are ignored by `.gitignore` file and are auto-generated in CI pipeline.

See other documents and help files for hints on how to format arguments. Keep formatting simple, as the transformation to `roff` might have issues with complex structures.

### CLI options

```md
- `--severity-threshold`=low|medium|high|critical:
  Only report vulnerabilities of provided level or higher.
```

CLI flag should be in backticks. Options (filenames, org names…) should use Keyword extension (see below) and literal options (true|false, low|medium|high|critical…) should be typed as above.

### Keyword extension

There is one non-standard markdown extension:

```md
<KEYWORD>
```

Visually, it'll get rendered as underlined text. It's used to mark a "variable". For example this command flag:

```md
- `--sarif-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in SARIF format directly to the <OUTPUT_FILE_PATH> file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--sarif` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the SARIF format output to a file.
```

## Running locally

- Either have docker running, or have `groff` and `ronn` (really
  [ronn-ng](https://github.com/apjanke/ronn-ng)) on your `$PATH`.
- have `npm`/`npx` available

```
$ npm run generate-help
```

Or, if you already have `groff` and `ronn`, and don't want to use Docker:

```
$ NO_DOCKER=1 npm run generate-help
```

Commit message:

chore: commit static help files in repo

help/README.md, after:

# CLI Help files

Snyk CLI help files are generated from markdown sources in `help/commands-docs` folder.

There is a simple templating system that pieces markdown sources together. Those are later transformed into a [roff (man-pages) format](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roff_(software)>). Those are then saved as plaintext to be used by `--help` argument.

1. Markdown fragments
2. Markdown documents for each command
3. roff man pages
4. plain text version of man page

Since [package.json supports specifying man files](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v6/configuring-npm/package-json#man), they will get exposed under `man snyk`.

This system improves authoring, as markdown is easier to format. It's keeping the docs consistent and exposes them through `man` command.

## Updating or adding help documents

Contact **Team Hammer** or open an issue in this repository when in doubt.

Keep all changes in `help/commands-docs` folder, as that is used as source for generating Markdown, ronn and txt files. When you are done editing, or you want to preview your changes, run the `npm run generate-help` (see "Running locally" below for troubleshooting). Then commit all changes, including the generated files.

See other documents and help files for hints on how to format arguments. Keep formatting simple, as the transformation to `roff` might have issues with complex structures.

### CLI options

```markdown
- `--severity-threshold`=low|medium|high|critical:
  Only report vulnerabilities of provided level or higher.
```

CLI flag should be in backticks. Options (filenames, org names…) should use Keyword extension (see below) and literal options (true|false, low|medium|high|critical…) should be typed as above.

### Keyword extension

There is one non-standard markdown extension:

```markdown
<KEYWORD>
```

Visually, it'll get rendered as underlined text. It's used to mark a "variable". For example this command flag:

```markdown
- `--sarif-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in SARIF format directly to the <OUTPUT_FILE_PATH> file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--sarif` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the SARIF format output to a file.
```

## Running locally

- Either have docker running, or have `groff` and `ronn` (really
  [ronn-ng](https://github.com/apjanke/ronn-ng)) on your `$PATH`.
- have `npm`/`npx` available

```
$ npm run generate-help
```

Or, if you already have `groff` and `ronn`, and don't want to use Docker:

```
$ NO_DOCKER=1 npm run generate-help
```
