test/smoke/README.md, before:

# Snyk CLI Smoke Tests

Design goal is to have a single test suite, that can detect if CLI is not working properly - before and after it's released. Defects it should catch are e.g. [broken pkg builds for a specific platform](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/issues/670), [misaligned dependencies](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/issues/1261) or [issues with a specific installation targets](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/issues/1270).

CLI is being tested by a series of tests using [Shellspec](https://shellspec.info). See them in a `test/smoke/spec` folder.

Spec in this folder is used as a 1) **"Smoke test" step in CircleCI** to verify that built CLI can run 2) **["Smoke Tests"](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Smoke+Tests%22) GitHub Action** to verify that our distribution channels are working.

## How to add a new smoke test

Smoke tests should be fast. Ideally tests only things that could break when CLI is being built and packaged into binaries. Functionality should be tested our _other_ tests.

Before you start adding specs, those files are bash scripts, it's recommended to have a [ShellCheck](https://www.shellcheck.net) installed and running in your IDE. See [Shellspec reference](https://github.com/shellspec/shellspec/blob/master/docs/references.md#expectation) for available commands.

It's recommended to have a branch named `feat/smoke-test`, as [this branch will run the GitHub Action](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/blob/f35f39e96ef7aa69b22a846315dda015b12a4564/.github/workflows/smoke-tests.yml#L3-L5).

To run these tests locally, install:

- [Shellspec](https://shellspec.info)
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)
- timeout (if not available on your platform)

cd into `test/smoke` folder and run:

```sh
cd test/smoke
CI=1 SMOKE_TESTS_SNYK_TOKEN=$SNYK_API_TOKEN shellspec -f d
```

## TODO

### Missing scenarios

- [x] basics: version, help, config
- [x] auth [TOKEN]
- [x] test [--json][npm project]
- [ ] test [--json][java-goof]
- [ ] policy, ignore
- [ ] monitor
- [ ] wizard - possibly impossible? (maybe a basic test that it even loads)

### Missing environments

- [ ] Alpine binary
- [ ] Docker: current images can't output a clear stderr, because of an extraneous --json flag. Also released version is currently lagging behind the latest GitHub tag by a few hours
- [ ] yarn installation (see https://github.com/snyk/snyk/issues/1270)
- [ ] scoop package

Commit message:

test: run alpine test in docker

test/smoke/README.md, after:

# Snyk CLI Smoke Tests

Design goal is to have a single test suite, that can detect if CLI is not working properly - before and after it's released. Defects it should catch are e.g. [broken pkg builds for a specific platform](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/issues/670), [misaligned dependencies](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/issues/1261) or [issues with a specific installation targets](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/issues/1270).

CLI is being tested by a series of tests using [Shellspec](https://shellspec.info). See them in a `test/smoke/spec` folder.

Spec in this folder is used as a 1) **"Smoke test" step in CircleCI** to verify that built CLI can run 2) **["Smoke Tests"](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Smoke+Tests%22) GitHub Action** to verify that our distribution channels are working.

## How to add a new smoke test

Smoke tests should be fast. Ideally tests only things that could break when CLI is being built and packaged into binaries. Functionality should be tested our _other_ tests.

Before you start adding specs, those files are bash scripts, it's recommended to have a [ShellCheck](https://www.shellcheck.net) installed and running in your IDE. See [Shellspec reference](https://github.com/shellspec/shellspec/blob/master/docs/references.md#expectation) for available commands.

It's recommended to have a branch named `feat/smoke-test`, as [this branch will run the GitHub Action](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/blob/f35f39e96ef7aa69b22a846315dda015b12a4564/.github/workflows/smoke-tests.yml#L3-L5).

To run these tests locally, install:

- [Shellspec](https://shellspec.info)
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)
- timeout (if not available on your platform)

cd into `test/smoke` folder and run:

```sh
cd test/smoke
CI=1 SMOKE_TESTS_SNYK_TOKEN=$SNYK_API_TOKEN shellspec -f d
```

## TODO

### Wishlist

- [ ] be able to run against PR

### Missing scenarios

- [x] basics: version, help, config
- [x] auth [TOKEN]
- [x] test [--json][npm project]
- [ ] test [--json][java-goof]
- [ ] policy, ignore
- [ ] monitor
- [ ] wizard - possibly impossible? (maybe a basic test that it even loads)

### Missing environments

- [x] Alpine binary
- [ ] Docker: current images can't output a clear stderr, because of an extraneous --json flag. Also released version is currently lagging behind the latest GitHub tag by a few hours
- [ ] yarn installation (see https://github.com/snyk/snyk/issues/1270)
- [ ] scoop package
- [ ] homebrew

## Current workarounds and limitations

### Alpine

- Needs to run in a Docker container because GitHub Actions don't support Alpine as a host OS. Using shellspec container, as it's based on alpine and ready to run the tests.
- Need to skip a test that normally tries to open browser for login, but that fails horribly on Alpine.
